hi my name's Alan Stark and I'm here
we've been surprised tackle today just
talking for a few weeks and this is one
of my favorite big pin rigs that I use
of a big bring tension car now a lot my
fishing in the spring and the summer is
done on real big Southern pits where
pretty much there's not many fish in the
lake but a lot of them are really big
and I'm just looking to catch basically
whatever I can now it's basically this
week dead simple one it's just a
standard let clip setup but the
important bit is this end bit and here
on the end as you can see we've just got
two pieces of the new supersoft
enterprise corn here now the top one
it's a buoyant piece and the bottom one
is a sinking piece and what you'll find
is when it's rests on the lake bed it
will just sit really slowly and then
when it reaches the bottom it will just
sit up like that nicely and balanced
now I'm normally fish this with a small
piece a bag of pellets or it will stick
a groundbait and that has two main
effects in that firstly it will help
prevent any tangles so you know you fish
in perfectly every cast and then
secondly it just gives that little pile
of food for the fish to home in on and
then they'll suck up this critically
balanced two pieces of corn and you'll
get your bite now there's two little
tips for this one I love flavoring all
of my corn now you can use normal
flavors like Esther berry which is a
blinding flavor for bream or one of my
really favorite ones at the moment that
Chris has just bought out is to beetle
in now that's a awesome sweetener for
bream and are normally fish this on at
least two of my three rods when fish
another big better ground buy it
definitely helps the fish homing on the
hook bite when there's loads of food out
there so definitely give this one a try
now my second tip which is a real nice
one is these little hair stops that come
free with the packet now on a lot of
corn when you're fishing double pieces
they can separate on the hair now these
little spikes prevent that and we hope
by always sits perfectly at this on the
cast so now you're on a real winner and
the hook baits not being separated in
the bottom piece well the top piece has
been pushed
tools of shame so you know every time
you thought Bates sitting perfectly on
the label
okay you get these free hair stops with
the new super soft corn from enterprise
now a lot of people get confused when
using these so I'm just gonna run
through how to use them it's a dead
simple process and I've just got a link
for braids here and I'm just gonna
thread on two pieces of the corn now I'm
going to put the sink in one on first
and then I'm gonna follow of a buoyant
one so in that with a critically phallic
presentation which is what I prefer when
I'm fishing on some big pits of a bream
tench carp those kind of species so just
put these on you'll notice this corn is
really really soft and that's what I
really like that's quite lifelike so
just spread these on okay and I'm moving
on to the stop look quite a big loop on
the end there as you can see and we've
just got almost like a coat hanger style
there so I'm just going to push that in
now this is the interesting bit the good
design of these stops and if you're
using say double baits or three baits or
pieces of boilie tipped with a piece of
corn you can use this you just pull it
down and it will make sure those baits
will always stay together and let's say
the top one won't move back up towards
the hook once this hook is tied on and
your hook baits always going to sit
perfectly so now I'm just going to
finish the rig and just to do that I'm
just going to take a size 8 hook that
we've got here
thread it through just tie it dead
simple not let's not pull it down like
so that's back the right length
I like to use I like to cross small hair
quicker and shank through the back I say
and there you guys that simple rig but
it's one of my favorite ones and fishing
on big picks of bring tension car
devastating